candy and I just got back from Hawaii
and why we were there he would eat one
or two mangos a day and I think I know
why I know that they're delicious
can you yet you like the mangos they're
delicious but also it's because of the
way that I cut them I cut them one way
that he can open them up and you can eat
it himself
so I think it was a lot more fun for him
when you're cutting up a mango you want
to pick a really like a nice soft one
like this it's got some give it's really
heavy and to cut it you're gonna lay it
on a board like this take your knife
what you're trying to do is avoid this
oh yeah
avoid this big oblong pips in here you
spraying your mango with water
Negus Negus it so you're gonna take your
knife and just make sure when you cut
down uh-huh you cut around this big pit
like this oh can you look one and see
there's your pit and then you're gonna
cut around again and yeah I got around
it twice and then with having this the
mango against the board you're going to
make a crisscross pattern like this make
sure you do not cut through the skin of
the mango though won't work and you just
cut this crisscross pattern and you
ready for this Kenya one two three
you want that do you want me to add it
to your collection there you go
can you just do the same thing to the
next one make sure you don't cut through
mangos are also a fantastic source of
vitamin C o beta carotene in fiber and
then you know what best friends do they
take their little hedgehogs look at this
you can tell your older kids they're
little hedgehogs and you know what they
do you ready best friend share a mango
for more back for quick and easy tips
check out my licious calm hmm
you